Updates for Orders CLI docs (#801)
planetlabs/planet-client-python: docs/cli/cli-orders.md

]
```

You may create an order request by calling [`tools-harmonize.json`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/planetlabs/planet-client-python/main/docs/cli/request-json/tools-harmonize.json) with `--tools`.

```console
planet orders request psscene analytic_sr_udm2 --name 'Harmonized data' --id 20200925_161029_69_2223 --tools tools-harmonize.json
```

## More options

### STAC Metadata

A relatively recent addition to Planet's orders delivery is the inclusion of [SpatioTemporal Asset Catalog](https://stacspec.org/en)

> (STAC) metadata in Orders. This provides a more standard set of JSON fields, that work with a number of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(STAC) metadata in Orders. STAC metadata provides a more standard set of JSON fields that work with 
```

> [different tools](https://stacindex.org/ecosystem). The CLI `orders request` command currently requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many GIS and geospatial [STAC-enabled tools](https://stacindex.org/ecosystem). The CLI `orders request` command currently requests
```

STAC metadata by default, as the STAC files are small and often more useful than the default JSON metadata.
You can easily turn off STAC output request with the `--no-stac` command:

```
planet orders request PSScene visual --name 'No STAC' --no-stac --id 20220605_124027_64_242b 
```

> Currently this needs to be done for any 'composite' operation, as STAC output from composites is not yet 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this current pre-release, STAC output from composites is not yet 
```

Author: Rejecting this one, as this is an issue with Planet's API's, so won't be solved when SDK is out of pre-release.

> supported (but is coming). You can explicitly add `--stac`, but it is the default, so does not need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported. So turn it off STAC for any 'composite' operation.

You can explicitly add `--stac`, but it is the default, so does not need to
```

> be included. For more information about Planet's STAC output see the [orders API documentation](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/delivery/#stac-metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be included. For more information about Planet's STAC output see the [Orders API documentation](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/delivery/#stac-metadata).
```

There is planned functionality to make it easy to 'update' an existing order, so you can easily grab a past order
and use the CLI to customize it.

### Basemaps Orders

> One of the newer features in Planet's orders API is the ability to [order basemaps](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/basemaps/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the newer features in Planet's Orders API is the ability to [order basemaps](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/basemaps/).
```

The CLI does not yet support a 'convenience' method to easily create the JSON - you unfortunately
can't yet use `planet orders request` to help form an orders request. But all the other CLI functionality

> supports it, due to the modular design of the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports ordering basemaps through the Orders API.
```

You'll need to use a full orders request JSON.

```json
{
   "name": "basemap order with geometry",
   "source_type": "basemaps",
   "order_type":"partial",
   "products": [
       {
           "mosaic_name": "global_monthly_2022_01_mosaic",
           "geometry":{
               "type": "Polygon",
               "coordinates":[
                   [
                       [4.607406, 52.353994],
                       [4.680005, 52.353994],
                       [4.680005, 52.395523],
                       [4.607406, 52.395523],
                       [4.607406, 52.353994]
                   ]
               ]
           }
      }
  ],
    "tools": [
      {"merge": {}},
      {"clip": {}}
  ]
}
```

> Once you've got the JSON the other commands are all the same. Use create to submit it to the API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've got the JSON, the other commands are all the same. Use create to submit it to the API:
```
